My name is John Church, an undergraduate student graduating from Claremont Mckenna College this spring. During my time in college I have studied computer science, philosophy and Arabic. I have been the 
director in Internal Affairs on the top model UN team on the west coast, the executive officer for a newspaper, and the principal developer for a real estate fintech startup. In short, I believe that the best education is an interdisciplinary one. I bring a wide variety of experiences and skills to any project that I work on. 

My coursework has included data structures, discrete mathematics, graphing algorithms and computer networking. My work in discrete mathematics has included an extended segment on encryption theory. Through my philosophy classes, I have trained to accurately construct and deconstruct arguments and to organize my thoughts. I have found that my training in philosophy has had a profound impact on my ability to organize work as well as my capacity to make logical decisions generally.

Outside of the classroom, I have enjoyed advancing my abilities through independent studies into web design (including learning design software like Adobe Illustrator and XD), data science, and machine learning. During my freshman summer working at Agilefield, I self-taught myself the Flask framework, database management with SQL and PostgreSQL, and API requests in order to fulfill tasks given to me by the CTO under time constraints.  During my sophomore summer, I assisted in the development of the privacy compliance portal for a blockchain-enabled privacy compliance company, ComplyUSA. Most recently, I have worked remotely to build the Django backend and frontend and assist with branding for RentWink, a real estate technology startup in Florida.

My time on the Claremont Mckenna Model UN team, one of the highest ranked teams in the country, has afforded me ample time to learn about international and domestic politics as well as to develop my speaking and personal skills. I have even led the training for the crisis segment of our team, including holding office hours, writing a curriculum, and running practices. As a manager at our college’s environmental research institute, the Roberts Environmental Center, I learned how to lead a technical research team and how to relate technical findings to stakeholders. At the institute, I led a team working on problems such as soil carbon storage in relation to landscaping choices, water quality testing on Mount Baldy, and policy writing for the Forest Service. Considering my varied interests and experience, I believe that I would make a great fit at Apple. 

I am currently searching for a full time position. If you think that I may be a good fit at your organization, please send me an email at [jchurch21@cmc.edu]() or use the [contact] form on this website. Thank you for visiting. 